Let's recap what we learned in this module as it is a
bigger module in our overall course.
The architecture of Spring Security is important to learn
as it will help us understand how and what to configure
throughout our application.
It helps us understand the authentication and authorization portions of our app.
We know that authentication is proving we are who we say we are and
authorization is what we can do inside of an application.
We then added the dependencies inside of our application through Maven
and showed the difference between Maven and Gradle. We are using Maven
in our course. We also showed the configuration of an app using XML and
the transition to know XML.
And after that, we briefly showed the minimal configuration and then broke
out our app into use its own separate configuration.
And that's what we demoed through the last portion of the course.
All of these concepts will help us to secure our app against a database,
and that's actually what we're going to do in the next module. So let's dive into that now.